ISPN-12810 marshalling and encoding title (#9106)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/ref_hotrod_data_format.adoc

[id='hotrod-data-format_{context}']

> = Hot Rod DataFormat API

Reviewer: I would put this before the "Data conversion on demand" section as this will be the more common use-case.

Read and write operations on remote caches via the Hot Rod endpoint use the client marshaller by default.

> Hot Rod provides a `DataFormat` API for Java clients that you can use to perform cache operations with different media type encodings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hot Rod provides a `DataFormat` API for Java clients that you can use to perform cache operations with different media type encodings and/or marshallers.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====
Using different marshallers and data formats for keys with `keyMarshaller()` and `keyType()` methods can interfere with client intelligence routing mechanisms, causing extra network hops within the {brandname} cluster.
If performance is critical, you should use the format for keys in the remote cache.
====

.Returning XML Values

> The following code snippet returns values as XML:

Reviewer: I am confused by our headings here, as "Returning XML values" seems like a specific example that should be under the heading "Reading data in different encodings".

WDYT to making it so that we provide sections with common conversions, something like:

4. Data Conversion
4.3 Hot Rod Data Format API
Read and write operations on remote caches via the Hot Rod endpoint use the client marshaller by default. Hot Rod provides a DataFormat API for Java clients that you can use to perform cache operations with different media type encodings.
     // Different marshallers for key and values
     // Alternatively, use a custom value marshaller ...
     // Explain how it can be done
     
     4.3.1 XML
     // Concrete example with code sample and output
     4.3.2 JSON
     4.3.3 YAML

Author: I think this is a good idea but maybe too much for the purposes of the current PR. I've also said to Gustavo that this content is still something we'll need to expand for 13. I think the whole section on transcoding is more for power users so let's handle that in a future doc effort. I will make a note of this and factor it into the content plan.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Using different marshallers and data formats for keys with `keyMarshaller()` and `keyType()` methods can interfere with client intelligence routing mechanisms, causing extra network hops within the {brandname} cluster.

> If performance is critical, you should use the format for keys in the remote cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If performance is critical, you should use the same encoding for keys on the client and on the server.
```
